item: Sunglasses
description: All of our sunglasses offer protection against excessive exposure to light. The most widespread protection is against ultraviolet radiation, which can cause short-term and long-term ocular problems such as photo keratitis, snow blindness, cataracts, pterygium, and various forms of eye cancer. Medical experts advise the public on the importance of wearing sunglasses to protect the eyes from UV; for adequate protection, experts recommend sunglasses that reflect or filter out 99-100 % of UVA and UVB light, with wavelengths up to 400 nm. Sunglasses which meet this requirement are often labeled as "UV400." This is slightly more protection than the widely used standard of the European Union.
item: Scarf
description: Feature -Great quality winter scarf. -A head or neck scarf that can be worn so many ways. A flexible accessory in great fashion colours. Absolutely superb with a coat or jacket and jeans. -The scarf is Soft, Light and with a luxurious feel. -Can be used as every day use or those special occasions -Ideal accessory to jazz up a casual outfit and is a perfect gift. -If you have any problems about our dress,please contact us before placing the order.
item: Pants
description: With its unique styles, QIBO is composed of men''s hoodie and casual pants. And our clothing is in possession of a great number of varieties with hip hops or punks, which stands for youthful attitude. This brand has drawn ideas and inspiration from music, artist and underground literature, to creat a new fashion series which gather the avant-garde pattern and elaborate attired structure. These bring QIBO with rock style and exquisite disruptive pant size.
item: T-Shirt
description: Made from a mix of 50% Cotton and 50% Polyester, this mens Vikings T-Shirt is officially licensed and is perfect for fans of the hit TV show. Not only does it provide style and comfort in one neat package, but its also available in a range of sizes, including Small, Medium, Large, XL and XXL. This Vikings Tee is just one of our many TV- and movie-inspired products.
item: Overcoat
description: we recommend you to double check size measurement in each product description comparing with your clothes.If you haven tried our goods before, we suggest you to pick 1~2 size bigger.
item: Necklace
description: This beautiful cowrie shell necklace can fitany neck size! It looks great and is strung on a comfortable and strong nylon cord, which is also waterproof. Imported from Africa.
item: Briefcase
description: This piece locks with a key and can be used with its adjustable shoulder strap. The interior is divided into 3 sections, one of which contains a zip pocket. One section contains pockets for a cell phone and pens, and on the back there is an additional open pocket. Made in Italy.
item: Sports Bra
description: Move worry-free with this wireless sports bra from Enell. Made from high quality Nylon and LYCRA, this sports bra prevents skin chafing while providing optimum support. The front hook closure helps you wear or take off the bra easily. Contructed with Naturexx Performance Fabric that wicks away moisture to keep you cool and odor-free during the most intense workouts
item: Pocket Wallet
description: As part of the Bosca's Old Leather Collection, this Deluxe Front Pocket Wallet is made from leather that showcases Bosca's rich tradition. Blending classicism with modernity, the leather is created from raw leather with hand-sponged vegetable dyes applied to the through centuries-old Tuscan techniques. The features of this front pocket wallet include a magnetic money clip, 3 credit card slots and top pocket for folded bills, cards and receipts. Each Bosca Old Leather Collection Black Deluxe Front Pocket Wallet measures approximately 4.25 inches long by 3 inches wide by 0.5 inches deep.
item: Mask
description: Adult vinyl half mask, Simpson Character Mr. Burns. Adult size. *Trademark and Copyright 2005 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
item: Watch
description: Stainless steel case with a stainless steel link bracelet. Fixed stainless steel bezel. Silver dial with silver-tone hands and Roman numeral hour markers. Date display at the 3 o'clock position. Quartz movement. Scratch resistant sapphire crystal. Solid case back.
item: Shoe
decription: Kick back and relax after a long day on the trails with the mens Jungle Moc from Merrell. Designed with comfort in mind, the mens Jungle Moc slip-on shoe is versatile enough to wear around the campsite or to the pub. Available in a variety of colors, the Merrell mens Jungle Moc will coordinate with both your adventure gear and your khakis. When youre looking for a casual shoe with enough style for a trip into town, this is the perfect fit. Molded nylon arch shank
item: Socks
description: Fits shoe size 4-10. Designed to be worn with FILA Skele-toes, these socks feature moisture management to keep skin dry and mesh ventilation to keep feet cool.
item: Swim Suit
description: One day, you might prefer an aloha print. The next, maybe solid color's your thing. And these reversible volley-length swim trunks are ready for whatever mood you're in. Made from soft, quick-drying nylon for all-day comfort, they're printed with vibrant island scenes on one side and a great solid color on the other. From paddleboard to pool, they're as versatile as the waterside life gets.
item: Watch
description: A tried and true style that always remains in fashion. With its daily alarm, hourly time signal and auto calendar, youll never need to worry about missing an appointment again. Black Casual Classic Watch with a Resin Band.
item: Bag
description: This bag is ergonomically tailored to rest comfortably above your hips and against your back as you ride and then run from the street to the elevator with your delivery. Packed with handy features, our trapezoid-shaped brief has dedicated compartments to secure your cell-phone, pager, and PDA. The mesh elastic water-bottle holster is conveniently mounted on the side of the bag so that you can hydrate at a stoplight (right, as if you stop). Removable reflective tape trails at the bottom of the bag and helps keep you safe at rush hour and in foggy conditions. The brief-sized outside zipper pocket keeps things organized, while the bag's main compartment holds 10 to 12 thick files and a notebook computer in a specially padded sleeve. The computer is for those slow moments, when you take a break and write the next chapter in your novel. Our messenger bag is also appropriate for students, attorneys, census takers, and anybody else who carries lots of stuff. All Amazon.com bags are branded with our logo and have a lifetime warranty.
item: Costume
description: Includes jacket, dickey with cravat, and glasses. The Austin Powers comes in adult size X-Large. This Austin Powers is an officially licensed Austin Powers costume. Austin Powers deluxe accessory kit sold separately. Please note: This item's color may vary due to inherent manufacturing variations or your computer monitor's color settings. The item you receive will be identical or substantially similar to the item pictured in this listing.
item: Shoe Polisher
description: This electric shoe polisher has a high torque motor with large polishing buffers that will shine shoes in a jiffy. The one touch motor only operates as long as you hold the button and turns off when released.
item: Wallet
description: Authentic crunch leather, rich floral emboss heiress ensemble clutch features a front snap closure, full zip-around double compartment with inside zipper pocket and 2 credit card slots, checkbook cover, 6 additional credit card slots, 2 storage pockets, i.e. Window and pen slot.
item: Briefcase
description: This piece locks with a key and can be used with its adjustable shoulder strap. The interior is divided into 3 sections, one of which contains a zip pocket. One section contains pockets for a cell phone and pens, and on the back there is an additional open pocket. Made in Italy.
item: Athletic Supporter
description: 3 inch elastic waistband, soft knit polyester pouch. Non-curl under straps. Available in youth small and large; Adult medium, large, and X-large. Please specify size. This product is manufactured in United States.
item: Legging
description: These ankle leggings are constructed to have a body hugging fit of cotton and Lycra. They also have a CoolMax gusset for dryness and comfort.
item: Jean
description: The loose fit carpenter jean that can take all you give it, a tool of the trade, or just a good pair of jeans.
item: Band
description: This understated 5-diamond band is a sweet way to recognize an anniversary or spice up a special occasion. The band is made of 14k white gold and has a smooth finish that fits comfortably on the finger. Along the top of the band is a row of five diamonds, each one sharing a prong setting with the gem next to it. The diamonds are closely tucked together and appear as one long stone, making them seem to be more ample than their 1 carat total weight. The satin finish of the white gold band is sure to catch the eye and makes the ring versatile enough to wear with anything.
item: Hat
description: Show off your western style with this Twister western hat by medium and f western products. Hatband with Twister pin. Rugged and durable design, handcrafted from premium materials. Crown 4-3/8 and brim 4.
item: Duffel
description: The Downstream Duffel offers excellent splashproof protection. It features a heavy-duty vinyl body, unique trapezoid-shaped ends for maximum storage capacity.
item: Music Box
description: Music boxes as we know them today have been around since the end of the 18th century. The Munchen Music Box is a finely crafted, cherry finished instrument complete with moulded edges and raised legs. The hinge top lid features a convenient storage compartment for 6 musical discs featuring 3 holiday and 3 all time classic songs.
item: Pendant
description: This unusual pendant swirls up with a French flair but has a Celtic braided twist design in the silver. Crafted of solid sterling silver and set with a genuine green malachite sphere.
item: Pants
description: This is the original desert camo, know by many as 'chocolate chip' used in Desert Storm. Made from poly-cotton, these durable, rugged pants will reflect the heat and help you blend into dry grasslands or desert conditions, plus they won't show dust and sand like the darker colors do. They include all the features you've come to expect in military BDUs.
item: Cufflinks
description: These cufflinks are made in black enamel inlaid in sterling silver, adding a beautiful and elegant finish to this original Italian creation, part of the DiFulco Line. Gift box included, made in Italy.
item: Seiko
description: Seiko Alarm Chronograph Stainless steel case (39mm) and bracelet with gold tone accents and double locking clasp chronograph records elapsed time up to 6 hours in 1/5 seconds alarm date calendar at 3:00 unidirectional rotating elapsed timing bezel blue dial and silver sub d'.
item: Watch
description: This Timex Watch (but not any battery, crystal, band, or strap) is warranted to the owner for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of purchase against defects in manufacture by Timex Corporation. Timex will not repair defects relating to servicing not performed by Timex Corporation. This limited warranty applies to US Customers.
item: Shoe Trees
description: Extend the life of your fine leather footwear with these men's cedar wood shoe trees! What's good for your shoes is good for your feet. These natural, adjustable, hinged cedar shoe trees will keep your feet happy by keeping your footwear dry and in shape. Designed to keep shoes smelling fresh, feeling comfortable, looking good and lasting longer, without the use of harsh chemical deodorizers.
item: Earrings
description: Moissanite gemstones were first discovered in 1893 by Nobel Prize-winning French scientist Dr. Henri Moissan in an  ancient meteorite found in the Diablo Canyon in Arizona. The mineral gems sparkled like diamonds and were soon named for Dr. Moissan.  Nothing replicates the true beauty of diamonds except Moissanite with its amazing luster and brilliance.
item: Raze
description: These gorgeous child's earrings feature 1/12 carat total weight Diamonds set in 14 karat white gold with screw-on safety backing. Earrings length and width is 3 mm x 3 mm.
item: necklace
description: 'This 13.5 x 17mm natural color Baroque Tahitian Cultured Pearl necklace features Grey bodycolor,  green overtone pearls strung on silk thread.
item: Diamond Ring
description: Six scintillating diamonds--three on each side--with a total weight of .12 carats, frame the 6mmx6mm cushion-shape stone. Designed in 14k white gold, the entire effect is cool, with an understated sparkle. <p/> Derived from Latin, aquamarine translates to water of the sea.
item: Wedding Band
description: This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazon&#x2019;s staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazon&#x2019;s high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces.
item: Star 
description: Patch is embroidered and hand sewn to the supple leather for strength.Classic design in all black Leather. This leather is the softest ever made by Converse. This is the same shoe WILL SMITH wore in the movie I-Robot. Top is a cool, classic shoe that never goes out of style.
item: Water Pads
description: Fashion forms most natural pad - can be placed in bra or bathing suits.', 'Water pushup pads to give you most comfortable form fitting enhancement.
item: Climbing Shoe
description: The Miura has been one of the most popular climbing shoes for more than a decade, heralded for its versatility and reliability. With a performance fit and a highly asymmetrical shape, combined with a flatter last, this shoe is an excellent choice for technical climbing on terrain ranging from slabs to overhanging steeps.
item: Rappel Rack
description: Rappel with precise speed control with the Rappel Rack Frame by BlueWater Ropes. An excellent system for anyone who rappels frequently, the stainless steel rack will stand up to abuse. You may use up to six bars (bars sold separately) to provide the degree of friction your circumstance requires.
item: Crosstrainer
description: The Original New Balance 608 cross-trainer -- versatile, lightweight, this best selling cross-trainer features a leather upper and ABZORB&reg.
item: Earring File Box
description: 'This Acrylic Earring Organizer gives you a simple way to store and organize your various earrings right on your dresser or vanity table. This earring storage box is constructed from durable acrylic with a crystal clear see through design.
item: Bracelet
description: Neatnix Stax Jewelry Necklace Organizer Tray enables you to easily organize your jewelry and necklaces. This modular tray stacks with other Neatnix Stax trays that slide for easy access to each tray so you can build what you need. Made with a tarnish-resistant, velvety liner to protect your valuables and comes with dust cover too.
item: Jewelry Box
description: Crystal clear acrylic jewelry box with bottom drawer and hinged upper lid.
item: Boot
description: Amazon carries Timberland footwear for men, women, and kids: sandals, boots, casual oxfords, tall boots, hiking boots, waterproof boots, winter boots, and women's shoes and boots.
item: Tie Bar
description: Modern and elegant describe this gold tie bar. This simple and classic look is sure to highlight any outfit. The bar measures 1/4 'in width and 2' in length and clips with a standard hinge clip.
item: Money Clip
description: 'A great gift for the golfer in him. This 23 karat electroplated gold money clip features a classic game scene sketched onto a faux scrimshaw background.
item: Sneaker
description: Classic retro running shoe, Saucony didn't sell their sole, they just trimmed it down a bit. Introduced in 2002, the Low Pro is a sleeker alternative to the classic Jazz O silhouette.
item: Computer
description: A computer is a digital electronic machine that can be programmed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations (computation) automatically. Modern computers can perform generic sets of operations known as programs. These programs enable computers to perform a wide range of tasks. A computer system is a 'complete' computer that includes the hardware, operating system (main software), and peripheral equipment needed and used for 'full' operation. This term may also refer to a group of computers that are linked and function together, such as a computer network or computer cluster
item: Pen
description: A pen is a common writing instrument that applies ink to a surface, usually paper, for writing or drawing.[1] Early pens such as reed pens, quill pens, dip pens and ruling pens held a small amount of ink on a nib or in a small void or cavity which had to be periodically recharged by dipping the tip of the pen into an inkwell. Today, such pens find only a small number of specialized uses, such as in illustration and calligraphy. Reed pens, quill pens and dip pens, which were used for writing, have been replaced by ballpoint pens, rollerball pens, fountain pens and felt or ceramic tip pens.[2] Ruling pens, which were used for technical drawing and cartography, have been replaced by technical pens such as the Rapidograph. All of these modern pens contain internal ink reservoirs, such that they do not need to be dipped in ink while writing
item: Pencil
description: A pencil is a writing or drawing implement with a solid pigment core encased in a sleeve, barrel, or shaft that prevents breaking the core or marking a user's hand.Pencils create marks by physical abrasion, leaving a trail of solid core material that adheres to a sheet of paper or other surface. They are distinct from pens, which dispense liquid or gel ink onto the marked surface
item: Pencil case
description: A pencil case or pencil box is a container used to store pencils. A pencil case can also contain a variety of other stationery such as sharpeners, pens, glue sticks, erasers, scissors, rulers and calculators
item: Pencil skirt
description: The pencil skirt may be worn either as a separate piece of clothing or as part of a suit. A pencil skirt usually has a vent at the back, or less commonly at the sides, since its slim, narrow shape can otherwise restrict the movement of the wearer. Sometimes a kick pleat, which exposes less skin, is used instead of a vent. Pencil skirts made from stretchy knitted fabrics do not normally need vents or pleats
item: Skirt
description: A skirt is the lower part of a dress or a separate outer garment that covers a person from the waist downwards
item: T-shirt
description: A T-shirt, or tee shirt, is a style of fabric shirt named after the T shape of its body and sleeves. Traditionally, it has short sleeves and a round neckline, known as a crew neck, which lacks a collar. T-shirts are generally made of a stretchy, light, and inexpensive fabric and are easy to clean. The T-shirt evolved from undergarments used in the 19th century and, in the mid-20th century, transitioned from undergarment to general-use casual clothing
item: Television
description: Television, sometimes shortened to TV or telly, is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in black-and-white or in color, and in two or three dimensions and sound. The term can refer to a television set, a television show, or the medium of television transmission. Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment, news, and sports
item: Telegram
description: Telegram is a freeware, cross-platform, cloud-based instant messaging (IM) service
item: Telescope
description: A telescope (from the Ancient Greek τῆλε, romanized tele 'far' and σκοπεῖν, skopein 'to look or see'; τηλεσκόπος, teleskopos 'far-seeing') is an optical instrument using lenses, curved mirrors, or a combination of both to observe distant objects, or various devices used to observe distant objects by their emission, absorption, or reflection of electromagnetic radiation
item: Telephone
description: An incandescent light bulb, incandescent lamp or incandescent light globe is an electric light with a wire filament heated until it glows. The filament is enclosed in a glass bulb with a vacuum or inert gas to protect the filament from oxidation. Current is supplied to the filament by terminals or wires embedded in the glass. A bulb socket provides mechanical support and electrical connections
item: Incandescent light bulb
description: This Timex Watch (but not any battery, crystal, band, or strap) is warranted to the owner for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of purchase against defects in manufacture by Timex Corporation. Timex will not repair defects relating to servicing not performed by Timex Corporation. This limited warranty applies to US Customers.
item: Cup
description: A cup is an open-top used to hold hot or cold liquids for pouring or drinking; while mainly used for drinking, it also can be used to store solids for pouring (e.g., sugar, flour, grains, salt)
item: Ceiling fan
description: A ceiling fan is a fan mounted on the ceiling of a room or space, usually electrically powered, that uses hub-mounted rotating blades to circulate air. They cool people effectively by increasing air speed
item: Flood
description: A flood is an overflow of water[a] that submerges land that is usually dry.[1] In the sense of 'flowing water', the word may also be applied to the inflow of the tide
item: Desktop
description: The surface of a desk (often to distinguish office appliances that fit on a desk, such as photocopiers and printers, from larger equipment covering its own area on the floor)
item: Laptop
description: A laptop, laptop computer, or notebook computer is a small, portable personal computer (PC) with a screen and alphanumeric keyboard. Laptops typically have a clam shell form factor with the screen mounted on the inside of the upper lid and the keyboard on the inside of the lower lid
item: Chair
description: One of the basic pieces of furniture, a chair is a type of seat. Its primary features are two pieces of a durable material, attached as back and seat to one another at a 90°-or-slightly-greater angle, with usually the four corners of the horizontal seat attached in turn to four legs
item: Desk
description: A desk or bureau is a piece of furniture with a flat table-style work surface used in a school, office, home or the like for academic, professional or domestic activities such as reading, writing, or using equipment such as a computer
item: Knife
description: A knife (plural knives; from Old Norse knifr 'knife, dirk'[1]) is a tool or weapon with a cutting edge or blade, usually attached to a handle or hilt
item: Cookware and bakeware
description: Cookware and bakeware is food preparation equipment, such as cooking pots, pans, baking sheets etc. used in kitchens. Cookware is used on a stove or range cooktop, while bakeware is used in an oven. Some utensils are considered both cookware and bakeware
item: Dress
description: A dress (also known as a frock or a gown) is a garment traditionally worn by women or girls consisting of a skirt with an attached bodice (or a matching bodice giving the effect of a one-piece garment)
item: Sunglasses
description: Sunglasses or sun glasses (informally called shades or sunnies; more names below) are a form of protective eyewear designed primarily to prevent bright sunlight and high-energy visible light from damaging or discomforting the eyes
item: Calculator
description: An electronic calculator is typically a portable electronic device used to perform calculations, ranging from basic arithmetic to complex mathematics
item: Tea
description: Tea is an aromatic beverage prepared by pouring hot or boiling water over cured or fresh leaves of Camellia sinensis, an evergreen shrub native to China, India and other East Asian countries
item: Shoe
description: A shoe is an item of footwear intended to protect and comfort the human foot. Shoes are also used as an item of decoration and fashion. The design of shoes has varied enormously through time and from culture to culture, with form originally being tied to function.
item: Footwear
description: Footwear refers to garments worn on the feet, which typically serves the purpose of protection against adversities of the environment such as wear from ground textures and temperature. Footwear in the manner of shoes therefore primarily serves the purpose to ease locomotion and prevent injuries.
item: Lantern
description: A lantern is an often portable source of lighting, typically featuring a protective enclosure for the light source – historically usually a candle or a wick in oil, and often a battery-powered light in modern times – to make it easier to carry and hang up, and make it more reliable outdoors or in drafty interiors. Lanterns may also be used for signaling, as torches, or as general light-sources outdoors.
item: Refrigerator
description: A refrigerator (fridge) is a commercial and home appliance consisting of a thermally insulated compartment and a heat pump (mechanical, electronic or chemical) that transfers heat from its inside to its external environment so that its inside is cooled to a temperature below the room temperature.
item: Laundry
description: Laundry refers to the washing of clothing and other textiles, and, more broadly, their drying and ironing as well. Laundry has been part of history since humans began to wear clothes, so the methods by which different cultures have dealt with this universal human need are of interest to several branches of scholarship. Laundry work has traditionally been highly gendered, with the responsibility in most cultures falling to women (formerly known as laundresses or washerwomen).
item: Banana
description: A banana is an elongated, edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa. In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called 'plantains', distinguishing them from dessert bananas.
item: Kiwifruit
description: Kiwifruit (often shortened to kiwi in North America and continental Europe) or Chinese gooseberry is the edible berry of several species of woody vines in the genus Actinidia.The most common cultivar group of kiwifruit (Actinidia deliciosa 'Hayward') is oval, about the size of a large hen's egg: 5–8 centimetres (2–3 inches) in length and 4.5–5.5 cm (1+3⁄4–2+1⁄4 in) in diameter. It has a thin, fuzzy, fibrous, tart but edible light brown skin and light green or golden flesh with rows of tiny, black, edible seeds. The fruit has a soft texture with a sweet and unique flavour.
item: Computer Monitor
description: A computer monitor is an output device that displays information in pictorial or text form. A monitor usually comprises a visual display, some circuitry, a casing, and a power supply. The display device in modern monitors is typically a thin film transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) with LED backlighting having replaced cold-cathode fluorescent lamp (CCFL) backlighting. Previous monitors used a cathode ray tube (CRT) and some Plasma (also called Gas-Plasma) displays.
item: Kettle
description: A kettle, sometimes called a tea kettle or teakettle, is a type of pot specialized for boiling water, commonly with a lid, spout, and handle, or a small electric kitchen appliance of similar shape that functions in a self-contained manner.
item: Power strip
description: A power strip[a] is a block of electrical sockets that attaches to the end of a flexible cable (typically with a mains plug on the other end), allowing multiple electrical devices to be powered from a single electrical socket.
item: Post-it Note
description: A Post-it Note (or sticky note) is a small piece of paper with a re-adherable strip of glue on its back, made for temporarily attaching notes to documents and other surfaces. A low-tack pressure-sensitive adhesive allows the notes to be easily attached, removed and even re-posted elsewhere without leaving residue.
item: Notebook
description: A notebook (also known as a notepad, writing pad, drawing pad, or legal pad) is a book or stack of paper pages that are often ruled and used for purposes such as recording notes or memoranda, other writing, drawing or scrapbooking.
item: Cookie
description: A cookie is a baked or cooked snack or dessert that is typically small, flat and sweet. It usually contains flour, sugar, egg, and some type of oil, fat, or butter. It may include other ingredients such as raisins, oats, chocolate chips, nuts, etc.
item: Wardrobe
description: A wardrobe or armoire is a standing closet used for storing clothes. The earliest wardrobe was a chest, and it was not until some degree of luxury was attained in regal palaces and the castles of powerful nobles that separate accommodation was provided for the apparel of the great. The name of wardrobe was then given to a room in which the wall-space was filled with closets and lockers, the drawer being a comparatively modern invention.[citation needed] From these cupboards and lockers the modern wardrobe, with its hanging spaces, sliding shelves and drawers, evolved slowly.
item: Quilt
description: A quilt is a multi-layered textile, traditionally composed of two or more layers of fabric or fiber. Commonly three layers are used with a filler material. These layers traditionally include a woven cloth top, a layer of batting or wadding, and a woven back combined using the techniques of quilting. This is the process of sewing on the face of the fabric, and not just the edges, to combine the three layers together to reinforce the material. Stitching patterns can be a decorative element. A single piece of fabric can be used for the top of a quilt (a 'whole-cloth quilt'), but in many cases the top is created from smaller fabric pieces joined together, or patchwork. The pattern and color of these pieces creates the design.
item: Pillow
description: A pillow is a support of the body at rest for comfort, therapy, or decoration. Pillows are used by many species, including humans. Some types of pillows include throw pillows, body pillows, decorative pillows and many more. Pillows that aid sleeping are a form of bedding that supports the head and neck. Other types of pillows are designed to support the body when lying down or sitting. There are also pillows that consider human body shape for increased comfort during sleep. Decorative pillows used on people, couches or chairs are sometimes referred to as cushions.
item: Bed
description: A bed is an item of furniture that is used as a place to sleep, rest, and relax.
item: Mattress
description: A mattress is a fabric case filled with resilient material (such as cotton, foam rubber, or an arrangement of coiled springs), used for sleeping on. It is designed to be used as a bed, or on a bed frame as part of a bed. Mattresses may consist of a quilted or similarly fastened case, usually of heavy cloth, containing materials such as hair, straw, cotton, foam rubber, or a framework of metal springs. Mattresses may also be filled with air or water.
item: Beer
description: Beer is one of the oldest[1][2][3] and most widely consumed[4] alcoholic drinks in the world, and the third most consumed drink overall after water and tea.[5] It is produced by the brewing and fermentation of starches, mainly derived from cereal grains—most commonly from malted barley, though wheat, maize (corn), rice, and oats are also used. During the brewing process, fermentation of the starch sugars in the wort produces ethanol and carbonation in the resulting beer.
item: Cocktail
description: A cocktail is an alcoholic mixed drink. Most commonly, cocktails are either a combination of spirits, or one or more spirits mixed with other ingredients such as fruit juice, flavored syrup, or cream. Cocktails vary widely across regions of the world, and many websites publish both original recipes and their own interpretations of older and more famous cocktails.
item: Locker
description: A locker is a small, usually narrow storage compartment. They are commonly found in dedicated cabinets, very often in large numbers, in various public places such as locker rooms, workplaces, middle and high schools, transport hubs and the like. They vary in size, purpose, construction, and security.
item: Broom
description: A broom (also known in some forms as a broomstick) is a cleaning tool consisting of usually stiff fibers (often made of materials such as plastic, hair, or corn husks) attached to, and roughly parallel to, a cylindrical handle, the broomstick. It is thus a variety of brush with a long handle. It is commonly used in combination with a dustpan.
item: Mop
description: A mop (such as a floor mop) is a mass or bundle of coarse strings or yarn, etc., or a piece of cloth, sponge or other absorbent material, attached to a pole or stick. It is used to soak up liquid, for cleaning floors and other surfaces, to mop up dust, or for other cleaning purposes.
item: Flower
description: flower, sometimes known as a bloom or blossom, is the reproductive structure found in flowering plants (plants of the division Angiospermae). The biological function of a flower is to facilitate reproduction, usually by providing a mechanism for the union of sperm with eggs. Flowers may facilitate outcrossing (fusion of sperm and eggs from different individuals in a population) resulting from cross-pollination or allow selfing (fusion of sperm and egg from the same flower) when self-pollination occurs.
item: Toilet
description: A toilet is a piece of sanitary hardware that collects human urine and feces, and sometimes toilet paper, usually for disposal.
